README.md, before:

# Tai Heritage Pro

Tai Heritage Pro is an open font designed to reflect the traditional hand-written style of the Tai Viet script.  
It is a Unicode-encoded font (based on The Unicode Standard version 5.2 or later) in regular and bold faces, with both OpenType and Graphite rendering.

NOTE: This is an **unreleased development font. It is not yet ready for wider use or distribution to end-users.**   
Font sources are published in a public repository and a smith open workflow is used for building, testing and releasing.  
You can contribute and report issues but please don't use this in production yet.

Tai Heritage Pro is Copyright (c) 1995-2017, SIL International (www.sil.org) with Reserved Font Names "Heritage"  
and is released under under the [SIL Open Font License (scripts.sil.org/OFL)](http://scripts.sil.org/OFL).  
For details - including any Reserved Font Names - see [OFL.txt](OFL.txt).  
For practical information about using, modifying and redistributing this font see [OFL-FAQ.txt](OFL-FAQ.txt).

For more details about this project, including changelog and acknowledgements see [FONTLOG.txt](FONTLOG.txt).

For more information about supported Unicode ranges and languages, smart font features and how to use them, please see the documentation in [documentation/](documentation/) or on [http://scripts.sil.org/TaiHeritage](scripts.sil.org/TaiHeritage).

Enjoy!

Commit message:

Edit ReadMe files before final build. Also documented source file names, and fact that the *-NoSmartCode-*.ttf files in the source folder are not distribution files.

README.md, after:

# Tai Heritage Pro

Tai Heritage Pro is an open source font designed to reflect the traditional hand-written style of the Tai Viet script. The font is Unicode-encoded, based on The Unicode Standard version 5.2 or later, and is available in regular and bold weights, with both OpenType and Graphite rendering.

## Project status

Tai Heritage Pro 2.600 is being prepared for imminent release.

## License

Tai Heritage Pro released under under the [SIL Open Font License](http://scripts.sil.org/OFL).  
For details - including any Reserved Font Names - see [OFL.txt](OFL.txt).  

For practical information about using, modifying and redistributing this font see [OFL-FAQ.txt](OFL-FAQ.txt).

# See also

Font sources are published in a public repository and a smith open workflow is used for building, testing and releasing.  

For more details about this project, including changelog and acknowledgements see [FONTLOG.txt](FONTLOG.txt).

For more information about supported Unicode ranges and languages, smart font features and how to use them, please see the documentation on [the website](http://software.sil.org/taiheritage/) or in the documentation
subfolder of this font package.

If you want to contribute to the project let us know.
